feat: KGO konnectExtension docs (#8097)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway-operator/get-started/konnect/deploy-data-plane.md

Reviewer: IMHO this pages misses the link to the `KonnectExtension` CRD reference: in the context of this PR it's https://deploy-preview-8097--kongdocs.netlify.app/gateway-operator/unreleased/reference/custom-resources/#konnectextension. 

Do you believe it's worth adding it here @mlavacca ?

To attach a {{ site.kgo_product_name }} data plane to {{ site.konnect_short_name }} the data plane needs to know which endpoint to connect to, and how to authenticate the requests.

To get the endpoint and the authentication details of the data plane:

1. [Log in to {{ site.konnect_short_name }}](https://cloud.konghq.com/login).
1. Navigate to {% konnect_icon runtimes %} [**Gateway Manager**](https://cloud.konghq.com/gateway-manager), choose the control plane, and click **New DataPlane Node**.
1. In the **Create a Data Plane Node** page select *Kubernetes* as the **Platform**.
1. Click **Generate Certificate**  in step 3.
1. Save the contents of **Cluster Certificate** in a file named `tls.crt`. Save the contents of **Cluster Key** in a file named `tls.key`.
1. Create a namespace named `kong` in the Kubernetes cluster:

   ```bash
   kubectl create namespace kong
   ```
1. Create a Kubernetes secret containing the cluster certificate:

    ```bash

>     kubectl create secret tls konnect-client-tls -n kong --cert=./tls.crt --key=.`/tls.key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    kubectl create secret tls konnect-client-tls -n kong --cert=./tls.crt --key=./tls.key
```

To attach a {{ site.kgo_product_name }} data plane to {{ site.konnect_short_name }} the data plane needs to know which endpoint to connect to, and how to authenticate the requests.

To get the endpoint and the authentication details of the data plane:

1. [Log in to {{ site.konnect_short_name }}](https://cloud.konghq.com/login).

> 1. Navigate to {% konnect_icon runtimes %} [**Gateway Manager**](https://cloud.konghq.com/us/gateway-manager), choose the control plane, and click **New DataPlane Node**.

Reviewer: I believe this should use a location agnostic link like 

```suggestion
1. Navigate to {% konnect_icon runtimes %} [**Gateway Manager**](https://cloud.konghq.com/gateway-manager/), choose the control plane, and click **New DataPlane Node**.
```

WDYT?

To attach a {{ site.kgo_product_name }} data plane to {{ site.konnect_short_name }} the data plane needs to know which endpoint to connect to, and how to authenticate the requests.

> To get the endpoint and the authentication details of the data plane.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get the endpoint and the authentication details of the data plane:
```

1. [Log in to {{ site.konnect_short_name }}](https://cloud.konghq.com/login).
1. Navigate to {% konnect_icon runtimes %} [**Gateway Manager**](https://cloud.konghq.com/us/gateway-manager), choose the control plane, and click **New DataPlane Node**.

> 1. In the **Create a Data Plane Node** page select *Kubernetes* as the **Platform** and choose assign it a name. Do not complete the steps therein defined, as we'll use a different procedure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the **Create a Data Plane Node** page select *Kubernetes* as the **Platform** and assign it a name. 
_**Do not** complete the steps defined in {{site.konnect_short_name}}, as we'll use a different procedure._
```

Author: Actually, the note about not completing the process was a leftover. I've removed it altogether.

> 1. Create a namespace named `kong` in the Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a namespace named `kong` in the Kubernetes cluster:
```

              volumeMounts:
                - name: cluster-certificate
                  mountPath: /var/cluster-certificate
                - name: konnect-client-tls
                  mountPath: /etc/secrets/konnect-client-tls/
                  readOnly: true
            volumes:
              - name: cluster-certificate
              - name: konnect-client-tls
                secret:
                  secretName: konnect-client-tls
                  defaultMode: 420
    ' | kubectl apply -f -
    ```

    The result should look like this:

    ```text
    dataplane.gateway-operator.konghq.com/dataplane-example configured
    ```

{% endif_version %}

> {% if_version gt:1.3.x %}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% if_version gte:1.4.x %}
```

1. Extract the following values from the **Configuration parameters** step 4:

>    1. `CP_ID`: find the value of `cluster_server_name`. The first segment of that value is the control plane ID for your cluster. For example, if the value of `cluster_server_name` is `36fc5d01be.us.cp0.konghq.com`, then the control plane ID of the cluster is `36fc5d01be`
>    1. `REGION`:  find the value in the bottom left corner of the screen.
>    1. `HOSTNAME`:  the server you are connected to (e.g. `konghq.tech`, `konghq.com`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. `CP_ID`: Find the value of `cluster_server_name`. The first segment of that value is the control plane ID for your cluster. For example, if the value of `cluster_server_name` is `36fc5d01be.us.cp0.konghq.com`, then the control plane ID of the cluster is `36fc5d01be`
   1. `REGION`:  Find the value in the bottom left corner of the screen.
   1. `HOSTNAME`:  The server you are connected to (e.g. `konghq.tech`, `konghq.com`).
```

> 1. Replace the values above in the following manifest and deploy it with `kubectl apply`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In the following manifest, replace the placeholders for `CP_ID`, `REGION`, and `HOSTNAME` with the values you just noted, and deploy it with `kubectl apply`:
```

   ```yaml
    echo '
    kind: KonnectExtension
    apiVersion: gateway-operator.konghq.com/v1alpha1
    metadata:
      name: example-konnect-config
      namespace: kong
    spec:
      controlPlaneRef:
        type: konnectID
        konnectID: <CP_ID>
      controlPlaneRegion: <REGION>
      serverHostname: <HOSTNAME>
      konnectControlPlaneAPIAuthConfiguration:
        clusterCertificateSecretRef:
          name: konnect-client-tls
    ' | kubectl apply -f -
    ```

    The result should look like this:

    ```text
    konnectextension.gateway-operator.konghq.com/example-konnect-config created
    ```

> 1. Deploy your data plane that references such a `KonnectExtension` with `kubectl apply`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Deploy your data plane and reference the `KonnectExtension` you just configured with `kubectl apply`:
```

Author: The DataPlane in the manifest references the extension, so no action is required from the user.
